c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Binaries\ffmpeg.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Binaries\ffplay.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Binaries\ffprobe.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Binaries\youtube-dl.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Configs\cmdList.json
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Configs\Config.json
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Configs\hngman.json
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\motBot2.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\motBot2.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\motBot2.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Providers.WS4Net.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rest.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rpc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Webhook.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.WebSocket.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Globalization.Calendars.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.ZipFile.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Net.Sockets.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Core.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Providers.WS4Net.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rest.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Rpc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Webhook.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.WebSocket.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\obj\Debug\motBot2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\obj\Debug\motBot2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\obj\Debug\motBot2.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\obj\Debug\motBot2.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\libsodium.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\motBot2\motBot2\bin\Debug\opus.dll
